Update App Storage/Management and Mobile Apps Live (#3007)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing.md

  - [React Native Demo App](https://github.com/saucelabs/my-demo-app-rn/releases)
  - [iOS Demo App](https://github.com/saucelabs/my-demo-app-ios/releases)
  - [Android Demo App](https://github.com/saucelabs/my-demo-app-android/releases)

## App and Device Settings
To view [uploaded app builds](/mobile-apps/app-storage/#uploading-apps) or change the app settings, on the **App Management** page, hover over the app and then click **Settings and App Versions**.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/app-management-settings-action.png')} alt="App settings" width="800"/>

### Real Device Settings
:::warning Limitation
The Real Device Settings are only applicable for real device testing. Any changes you make to the app and device settings will affect all uploaded versions of the app.

Only organization and team admins have permission to modify these settings.
If an organization admin wants to grant a member permission to modify these settings, they can [promote the member](/basics/acct-team-mgmt/managing-user-info/#changing-a-users-role) to Team Admin.
For further assistance, reach out to your Customer Success Manager or Sauce Labs Support.
:::

> Navigate to the **Settings** tab to view the app and device settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the **Settings** tab to view the app and device settings.
```

|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Device Language                                                                            | Use the dropdown to select the device language. The language selector will tell your application that the locale of the device and region is set to the selected parameter. You won't need to change the language of the OS manually during a session inside iOS/Android settings. For more information about the locale setting, see the documentation for [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/locale) and [Android](https://developer.android.com/reference/java/util/Locale).                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Device Language                                                                            | Use the dropdown list to select the device language. The language selector will tell your application that the device's locale and region are set to the selected parameter. You won't need to manually change the OS's language during a session inside iOS/Android settings. For more information about the locale setting, see the documentation for [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/locale) and [Android](https://developer.android.com/reference/java/util/Locale).                        |
```

> | Device Orientation                                                                         | Use the dropdown to set the device orientation (Landscape or Portrait).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Device Orientation                                                                         | Use the dropdown list to set the device orientation (Landscape or Portrait).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

| Proxy                                                                                      | Enable/disable the use of a proxy. Enter the **Hostname** and **Port** and then click **Update**.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | Device Passcode                                                                            | Enable/disable the device passcode for your apps. If your app requires a device passcode/screenlock to launch, you can enable this setting to run your tests on a passcode-protected device. On Android we are setting 000000, on iOS 089675 as passcode. This is available during Live Testing sessions, see it below in the [Live Testing interface section](/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/#live-test-interface).                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Device Passcode                                                                            | Enable/disable the device passcode for your apps. If your app requires a device passcode/screenlock to launch, you can enable this setting to run your tests on a passcode-protected device. On Android we are setting 000000, on iOS 089675 as passcode. This feature is available during Live Testing sessions, see it below in the [Live Testing interface section](/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/#live-test-interface).                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

#### Example Settings - iOS

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/app-management-ios-example-settings.png')} alt="App settings - iOS" width="800"/>

#### Example Settings - Android

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/app-management-android-example-settings.png')} alt="App settings - Android" width="800"/>

## Selecting an App

> ### from App Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### From App Management
```

> On the main **App Management** page, you can select an app to test by clicking **Start Test** in the row of the desired app group. The app build chosen will be the most recently uploaded build within that group. The device selection page will open, with the option to test on a real device or a virtual device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the main **App Management** page, you can select an app to test by clicking **Start Test** in the row of the desired app group. The app build chosen will be the most recently uploaded build in that group. The device selection page will open, with the option to test on a real device or a virtual device.
```
